chore: THOR Legacy licensing (#88)
NextronSystems/thor-manual: usage/requirements.rst

Legacy Systems
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> These versions are scannable with a valid THOR Legacy license. The legacy version
> of THOR is usually running on those systems, but if you encounter
> any problems, we will not be able to fix them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These versions can be scanned with a valid THOR Legacy license and a
special THOR version called "Legacy". The legacy version of THOR is usually
running on those systems, but if you encounter any problems, we will
not be able to fix them. Contact us for details on how to download and
use THOR Legacy. any problems, we will not be able to fix them.
```
